rm *mism*.txt *lsti*.txt

zgrep OVM_ERROR */hqm*.log.gz | grep -i Mismatch >> ral_mismatches_flr0.txt
xmism_flr0 config_master
xmism_flr0 hqm_vf_cfg
xmism_flr0 list_sel_pipe
xmism_flr0 hqm_system_csr
xmism_flr0 nalb_pipe
xmism_flr0 dqed_pipe
xmism_flr0 dm_cmd_unit
xmism_flr0 dm_cmp_unit
xmism_flr0 dm_dma_unit
xmism_flr0 dm_hbm_unit
xmism_flr0 dm_ing_unit
xmism_flr0 dm_master
xmism_flr0 dm_mem_unit
xmism_flr0 dm_vpa_unit
xmism_flr0 aqed_pipe
xmism_flr0 cred_hist_pipe
xmism_flr0 _qed_pipe
xmism_flr0 direct_pipe
xmism_flr0 atm_pipe
xmism_flr0 reorder_pipe
echo ""
rm0txts
lsti >>lsti_flr0.txt
pwd
chmod o+r *.txt
echo ""
ls -ltr *.txt
tail -5 lst*.txt
